in the 36th year of the reign of ASA
Bear sure king of Israel came up against
Judah and built Ramah that he might let
none go out or come in to ASA king of
Judah then ASA brought silver and gold
from the Treasuries of the house of the
Lord and of the king's house and sent to
ben-hadad king of syria who dwelt in
damascus let there be a treaty between
you and me as there was between my
father and you our Father see I have
sent you silver and gold come break your
treaty with bayaud king of Israel so
that he will withdraw from me so Ben
Hadad heeded King ASA and sent the
captains of his armies against the
cities of Israel they attacked I John
Dan Abel maeín and all the storage
cities of Naphtali now it happened when
Bear sure heard it but he stopped
building Ramar and ceased his work then
King ASA took all Judah and they carried
away the stones and timber of Ramah
which bear sure had used for building
and with them he built Kiba and Misbah
and at that time Hanina the seer came to
a sir King of Judah and said to him
because you have relied on the king of
Syria and have not relied and the Lord
your God therefore the farmy of the king
of syria has escaped from your hand were
the Ethiopians and the Lubin not a huge
army with very many chariots and
horsemen yet because you relied on the
Lord he delivered them into your hand
for the eyes of the Lord run to and fro
throughout the whole earth to show
himself strong on behalf of those whose
heart is loyal to him in this you have
done foolishly therefore from now on you
shall have then ASA was angry with the
seer and put him in prison for he was
enraged at him because of this and ASA
oppressed some of the people at that
time
note that the acts of ASA first and last
are indeed written in the book of the
kings of Judah and Israel and in the
39th year of his reign ASA became
diseased in his feet and his malady was
severe yet in his disease he did not
seek the Lord but the physicians so ASA
rested with his father's he died in the
41st year of his reign
they buried him in his own tomb which he
had made for himself in the City of
David and they laid him in the bed which
was filled with spices and various
ingredients prepared in a mixture of
ointments they made a very great burning
for him
you